Sample code to highlight code in CRM (#1077)
yewstack/yew: examples/crm/README.md

* Add multiple screens with Yew (scenes)
* Use storage service
* Generate VNodes without the html! macro

> Right now `highlight` occurs every 6 seconds. In a large code it should be done on DOM change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now `highlight` occurs every 6 seconds. When working with large amounts of code it should be executed only on each DOM change.
```
